Deploy app to AWS using Copilot (#591)
nhsuk/manage-childrens-vaccinations: docs/aws-copilot.md

# Provisioning a new environment using AWS Copilot

## Configure AWS local credentials

Install `awscli` and `aws-copilot`. Then configure your AWS CLI credentials
locally:

```bash
$ aws configure sso
```

Use the SSO Start URL and SSO Region from the "Command line or programmatic
access" link in the AWS Account admin.

Once you're done, your `~/.aws/config` should look something like:

```bash
[default]
region = eu-west-2
[profile Admin-ACCOUNT_ID]
sso_session = fwk
sso_account_id = ACCOUNT_ID
sso_role_name = Admin
region = eu-west-2

> [sso-session fwk]
> sso_start_url = https://SUBDOMAIN.awsapps.com/start#
> sso_region = eu-west-2
> sso_registration_scopes = sso:account:access

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```

> You can make the new profile the default by changing the config to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can make the new profile the default by removing the following lines from the config:
```

```diff
[default]

> -region = eu-west-2

Reviewer: Maybe remove this line since it's only re-added further below? Or do you reckon position may be significant?

-[profile Admin-ACCOUNT_ID]
sso_session = fwk
sso_account_id = ACCOUNT_ID
sso_role_name = Admin
region = eu-west-2

> [sso-session fwk]
> sso_start_url = https://SUBDOMAIN.awsapps.com/start#
> sso_region = eu-west-2
> sso_registration_scopes = sso:account:access

Reviewer: Probably don't need this section in the example.

```suggestion
```

```

Running `aws sso login` will log you in via your browser.

After this, AWS Copilot commands should run on your new profile:

```bash
$ copilot app ls
manage-childrens-vaccinations
```

## Manual deployment

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assuming you have an environment setup, go ahead and deploy:

```
